README.md, before:

#Assignment 1


###Write a Java file that receives command line inputs

---------------------------------------------------
Name of java file is *Main.java*.  
This file is command line interface that receives arguments from users.  
If you want any help in using command line, you can use __-help__ option.

This is example of command arguments:
>java Main inputFile.md -filename outputFile -style styleName

1. inputFile.md

	-This file is target markdown file that you wants to convert.
	
	-inputFile.md have to exist already.

2. outputFile

	-This is result of converting markdown to HTML
	
	-If you do not declare any other name to output file, name will be same as input file name in default.

3. styleName
	
	-There are three kinds of style: Plain, Slide, Fancy
	
	-If you do not declare style type, style will be 'Plain' in default vaule.

-------------------------------------------

There are several rules that you have to follow:
	
* Cannot use those characters in html output file name
>\\ / : * ? \" < > |

* All arguments used in command line is case sensitive

Commit message:

Md file  수정,  CommandCheck output 수정 ( help message 포함)

README.md, after:

#Assignment 1 - README


###Write a Java file that receives command line inputs

---------------------------------------------------
Name of java file is *Main.java*.  
This file is command line interface that receives arguments from users.  
If you want any help in using command line, you can use __-help__ option.

#####This is example of command arguments:
>java Main inputFile.md -filename outputFile -style styleName

1. inputFile.md

	-This file is target markdown file that you wants to convert.
	
	-inputFile.md have to exist already.

	-File extension should be .md and it should be declared like inputFile.md

2. outputFile

	-This is result of converting markdown to HTML
	
	-If you do not declare any other name to output file, name will be same as input file name in default.

3. styleName
	
	-There are three kinds of style: plain, slide, fancy
	
	-If you do not declare style type, style will be 'plain' in default vaule.

-------------------------------------------

#####There are several rules that you have to follow:
	
* Cannot use those characters in html output file name
>\\ / : * ? \" < > |

* All arguments used in command line is case sensitive

* Cannot use -help commnad with another command

--------------------------------------------

#####There are several example of command line inputs:

	* java Main -help 
	  >> Print help function
	     	
	* java Main inputFile.md
	  >> Read inputFile.md and Covert to inputFile.html as plain style 	
	
	* java Main inputFile.md -filename outputFile
	  >> Read inputFile.md and Covert to outputFile.html as plain style

	* java Main inputFile.md -style fancy
	  >> Read inputFile.md and Covert to inputFile.html as fancy style

	* java Main inputFile.md -filename outputFile -style slide
	  >> Read inputFile.md and Covert to outputFile.html as slide style
	  
	* java Main inputFile.md -style fancy -filename outputFile
      >> Read inputFile.md and Covert to outputFile.html as fancy style
